Add SLO for Storage Operations (#6)
appuio/component-openshift4-slos: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/runbooks/storage.adoc

For `volume_attach` and `volume_detach` you can see if the controller-manager logs anything useful.
For all other operations the kubelet might log more information.
* If all time series have the same `job` label it might be an issue with the kubelet or the controller-manager, look at the respective logs.

This should give you a starting point to investigate the root cause.
You should also check if there are other, related firing alerts and create/delete a test PVC to properly assess the impact of this alert.

NOTE: We don't have a lot of experience with this alert yet.
If you had to debug this alert, please consider adding any insight, tips, or code snippets you gained to this runbook.

=== icon:wrench[] Tune

If this alert isn't actionable, noisy, or was raised too late you might want to tune the SLO.

Through the component parameters you have the option tune the SLO.
You can modify the objective, disable the page or ticket alert, restrict the SLO to certain storage operations or volume plugins, or outright disable the complete SLO.

In the example below will set the SLO set the objective to 99.25%, disable the page alert, and only consider the Ceph storage provider.

> This means this SLO won't alert on-call anymore and won't alert if there are issues with other volume plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means this SLO won't alert on-call anymore and won't alert if there are issues with CSI plugins other than the Syn-managed CephFS CSI plugin.
```
